In the world of zootopia humans
never happened,
which makes Utopia a modern
civilized world that is
entirely animal.
That is an animal.
Animals in zootopia are
anthropomorphic
that is just a big fancy word.
That means they walk around on
two feet.
They do not go to work nude.
Thank you.
Almost
that's got it
and they use technology.
Okay, there are mammals from
all over the globe in zootopia
large and small fast and slow.
But the truth is
zootopia is imperfect and just
like our world not everyone
gets along
especially natural enemies
which can create some
issues
but nature always gives animal
special skills to survive.
And while one may have amazing
night vision
another may have incredible
hearing
and an air-powered elephant
tranquilizer.
So now, you know zootopia
like nothing you've seen before.